[Music]
looking to save time and space in the
kitchen right before a big holiday
dinner look no further than this recipe
for make a head mashed potatoes all
recipes member maxint ohio comments i
continue to make this recipe for every
major holiday and it's a winner with the
family we'll begin by preheating the
oven to 325 degrees in greasing a large
casserole dish with softened butter next
we'll place five pounds of peeled and
quartered or cute Yukon Gold potatoes in
a large pot of lightly salted water be
sure there's enough water to cover the
potatoes by about an inch bring the
water to a boil over medium-high heat
then reduce the heat to medium-low and
cook the potatoes until tender about 15
minutes once tender drain potatoes
transfer into a large bowl and mash
mashing the potatoes first ensures that
they don't turn to Chloe once you add
the rest of the ingredients to the
mashed potatoes we'll add 6 ounces of
softened cream cheese 8 ounces of sour
cream
[Music]
a half cup of hot milk 2 teaspoons of
onion salt
and ground black pepper to taste mix the
ingredients with the potatoes and adjust
the seasoning in consistency as needed
by adding more milk and pepper if you're
a fan of garlic feel free to add a
teaspoon of garlic powder as well
[Music]
transfer the potatoes to a prepared
casserole dish and cover with foil if
you're making these ahead of time keep
them refrigerated other wives baking the
preheated oven for 50 minutes if your
oven is already spoken for you can
reheat the make-ahead mashed potatoes in
a slow cooker on low setting for about 4
hours all recipes member laineebee
comments the most wonderful thing about
this recipe is a never tastes like
leftovers